my under eye bags are so big they could
double as my honeymoon suitcase hello my
friends welcome to my slightly belated
January favorites video well it's not
favorites video it's a favorite team
fails video basically what I do is I
line up 10 products that I used and line
them up from very very bad to very very
good we start at number 10 which is what
we're gonna do right now at number 10
this month my biggest biggest fail this
month was a big shocker to me like I
when I got this in my view deeelish
lucky bag I was so stinking excited like
yes it was something I wanted for a
really long time I was so happy about it
and I am seriously crying in my heart
over this and this is the Beca ombre
Rouge palette now let me say some
positives here I did squash this on my
hand for you the swatches come out very
very nice they're very creamy very
buttery shadows here's the issue number
one they muddy together on the eyes the
shades do not have enough contrast in
order to make a look that does not muddy
it just they've all mushed together the
second issue I have with it is that it
doesn't have a good lasting power by the
end of the day these are gone off my
eyes and to me for a palette of this
price that's absolutely unacceptable so
I would definitely not recommend this
palette I would be hesitant to buy becca
eyeshadows in the future and that makes
me sad um it makes me really sad I would
have to see some really good reviews on
a shadow palette for me to invest in
another one in the future I'm crying in
my heart because I love that guy and
this makes me sad at number nine this
month is a product that I actually
returned because I just couldn't wait
any longer I had I had an opportunity to
go to Sephora and I was like you know
what I'm just going to take the stuff
back and just be done with it and they
were the Kat Von D shade and light blush
duos I bought them and before I got them
in the mail I saw temptalia.com Talia
her blog she is probably the number one
beauty blogger of all time her blog is
amazing and she scores everything and
for exempt Ollie to give something at f
it has to be pretty bad like it has to
be really bad and it's bad it's really
bad the pigmentation on these things is
is atrocious
I had Mickey and Mallory that one was
really was was terrible the 150 off and
Poe was a little bit better and if it
weren't for the price point I probably
would have kept Piaf impo it kind of
reminds me of a mediocre drugstore blush
something where you would be like that I
paid six bucks for it I like it it's
nice you know where it every once in a
while you know it's fine but not for $25
the lasting power was not good and it
just was a horrible formula and now why
I'm crying especially about this is
because her old blush formula was my
holy grail blush formula the one that
she discontinued I'm so sad that has
gone has been replaced with this
terribleness on the other side one of my
friends here on YouTube mentioned to me
that they are now off of the Sephora
website maybe they were getting such
terrible reviews that they just took
them down hopefully they're
reformulating them and working through
them again because I don't even I don't
even know what they were thinking when
they put them out on the market what the
people were going to think that this was
going to be okay I mean they're
absolutely horrible I did hear that
there were a couple of them that were a
little bit better some of the deeper
shades were a little bit better but mmm
not good not good at all at number 8
this month is the essence liquid
eyeliner now i do want to show you the
essence gel liner this one is wonderful
and I'm a huge essence fan I did not
like the liquid liner and i'll tell you
the big reason why i didn't like it and
it's because of the brush okay if you
can see there it's it seems like it's
kind of a fine point but when you put it
on the I see how thick that is it's
really difficult to get it to be fine
it's just too difficult to work so when
I use this on my eye I can't get a wing
I can put it all over the lid but it
does seep into my fine line so it takes
some working with so even for the price
i wouldn't recommend this just because
of how difficult it is to work with
unless you like a really thick line if
you like a really thick line you'll
probably love it i personally don't like
it at all lasting power is still pretty
good but it's just that brush man the
brush kills that they should have made
it just a little bit more fine pointed
and it would have been a great product
number seven starts getting into kind of
the man products for me this is the
artist couture by angel his name is mack
daddy on youtube it is his highlighters
and i feel
like this is more of a personal
preference thing overall it comes like
this it comes with four mineral style
pops here they're called diamond glow
powders and let me just say the
packaging is super cute here it's this
cute little box with this little bow
ribbon and it's just it's adorable
packaging my issue with these
highlighters is they are not targeted I
don't think two people who do not go
clubbing they have a lot of glitter
they're targeted I believe toward the
Instagram crowd people that really want
a glitter highlight glitter okay so here
are the four swatches one two three and
four and you can see the sparkle in them
this one is probably the most mad but
there's definitely Sparkle in there as
well and it's not just shimmer its
Sparkle the top one is called conceded
the second is called yes the third is
called mermaid fantasy and then the
fourth is called Illuminati so along
with them being straight-up Sparkle they
don't last on the face they're a powder
that just if you get in a strong wind
they're gone I mean within two hours
they're completely gone off the face so
this is why I'm saying I feel like this
is marketed and should be for people who
are taking photographs for Instagram or
if you're taking photographs for a
wedding and you want glitter on your
cheeks you want that fairy look I feel
like this is not for the everyday person
in just the sparkle of it and the
lasting power they're just not good for
that so there is a market for them its
just oh I'd be curious to know how these
would work on the eyes I feel like they
might be nice eyeshadows rather than
highlighters but I haven't tried them
for that purpose so I can't review them
for that purpose but maybe a little bit
of fixed plus or something and then
patting them on to the eyes maybe
gorgeous all right number six the
L'Oreal True Match Lumi cushion now this
I did do a review of and comparison with
the Physicians Formula One i would say
that overall in the end I feel like now
that I figured out how I can best work
this I like this one better than the
physicians formula i do still feel like
the Physicians Formula last a bit longer
but when I use this with my Real
Techniques sponge instead of the sponge
that is included in here the lasting
power is much better the finish is much
better and it's a much nicer product to
use overall when I specifically use my
real techniques sponge you can use a
Beauty Blender as well this sponge I
don't care for I don't feel like it's
effective as far as getting the look
that I want to get now the other thing
is is this is ridiculously overpriced
you get half as much product as a
traditional foundation I don't feel like
it's worth that price difference so if
it's something that you're curious about
I recommend trying it but just know that
you're getting half the product for
twice the price and it may not be worth
it to you okay number five is a perfect
place to put this because it's actually
a skin care kit now this is the way it
looks when it's actually in the bag this
is by skyn Iceland and it is the saving
face recovery kit for life's biggest
moments and it says big interview and
breakout coming on when week before my
wedding five hours of sleep in five days
my under eye bags are so big they could
double as my honeymoon suitcase this is
a fifty dollar bag i gotted it ulta at
full price and then I saw them on the MC
website as an FC deal for twenty dollars
so i got a second one the reason why i
got a second one is because there's
certain things in here that I'm really
really enjoying and would purchase a
full size of so let's just kind of go
through the different products so the
first thing in here is the Nordic skin
peel this is supposed to be an
exfoliator and it comes with all of
these pads now all together I mean this
is an insane deal if you like these
products it's insane you'll to get it
for 50 bucks for 20 it's even more
ridiculous these are very very cold and
that comes with most of these skyn
Iceland they're going with the ice theme
on this you know that clean feeling you
feel in the teeth if you use a really
really crisp toothpaste that's the way
your skin feels when you use this and
that's how I'm appealing to you you'll
probably love these products it's very
wet it's very saturated with product i
use this about three times a week they
say you could use it daily if you don't
have sensitive skin but you get this
entire full-size pack of it it's 60 pads
and I feel like they're they're very
good to use I don't know what they're
actually doing anything but they feel
awfully good and they're rough enough
that I
like they could expose eating so I'm
just trusting that it's working but I
have no evidence to show that this one's
working next is the cleanser this is the
Glacial face wash again you're going to
end up with that cold feeling on your
face after you use it if you like lather
on your skin care and this is going to
be great for you it's very enjoyable to
use of course this is not a full-size I
don't feel like it fully removed my
makeup I remove my makeup first then I
use this as a cleanser afterward works
great for that but this is not a makeup
remover just so you know but I do feel
like it works as a nice second pass over
my face after I've removed my makeup now
this is where we get into the stuff that
I think makes it worth it this is the
skin iceland icelandic relief I pen this
year and I'm going to open this up
because this is kind of the reason why I
wanted to try the this this more from
this brand are these skin on skin
iceland hydro cool firming eye gels
these I I hate math I hate face masks
but I love these they are sticky and
they're cold and they feel really good
under the eyes they're great for d
puffing they're great for under eye bags
I feel like my I have a crease right
here that is just an aging kind of dig
that my eyes kind of sink in a little
bit feel like that significantly
diminished since i've been using both of
these the first time i used one of these
i was like oh oh my goodness like i was
so excited I feel like the effects of
this wear off after 24 hours though I
don't feel like they last same thing
with this if I put this on at night when
I wake up in the morning I feel like my
under eyes are more taut but then it's
about the day they kind of go back to
looking normal so this is definitely
something you have to keep using an
order for it to work but I feel like
it's doing good things for my eyes and
my wrinkles and the tautness of my skin
I feel she's doing great things so these
are kind of the two products out of all
of them that I really loved really loved
that really make this purchase worth it
for me so just between just this is
twenty dollars alone so and then the
last thing in here is the moisturizer I
don't like this moisturizer this is it's
called the antidote cooling day lotion
again you get that cold feeling on your
face and I don't feel like it truly
moisturizes when I put it on my skin my
skin will sometimes still feel dry and
to me after moisturizing that's
completely unacceptable so this is
something that I wouldn't recommend you
see I've used almost all of it
and I I will continue to use it but I
won't purchase this again this is
something that I just I don't think is
good so definitely some wins and some
fails in that kit so that's why it's a
great place at number five at number
four this month we have the revlon
colorstay not just nudes palettes I have
this one in the passion nudes i also
have number two in the romantic nudes
this is a huge jump for revlon Revelin I
shadows are notoriously terrible I mean
I've every time I've ever said okay I'm
just going to give these one more shot
for revlon eyeshadows I've always
regretted it every time this is the
exception the l'oreal the pilots were my
favorite of the drugstore pilots that
came out was it maybe six months ago or
whatever there was a huge push on
drugstore palettes the lorialla pallets
worth more than my favorites I feel like
this is definitely up there if not
better I love that you get some shimmery
shade some matte shades some satin
shades in here the thing that really
sells me on these is the lasting power
is fantastic and I am shocked by that
even without a primer the lasting power
in these shadows is wonderful so that's
really where this gets me they are a
little more difficult to work with than
the high-end shadows that I have but
they're not so difficult to work with
that it's not worth the price point
specially if you're in the market for a
new nude palette this one and the
romantic nudes just beautiful beautiful
palettes definitely recommend them and
and I'm very much enjoying using them I
love the shade range the shade range is
perfect for lots of different skin tones
and they really knocked it out of the
park with this good job Revlon I am very
proud of you on this one at number three
this actually was number one in my heart
for a while and it dropped to number
three today and this is the blank
mascara amplified it is a tubing mascara
I've got it in my box each arm and if
you saw my boxy charm review you've
already seen what I'm going to say about
this except for the very end so what
this is is it's a very large brush you
put on your mascara like normal but what
happens at the end of the day is that
when you take it off you take it off
with just warm water and the tubes just
slide off of your lashes so there's no
rubbing and that is what makes this
stuff magical now the reason
why it dropped down from number one to
number three is that I feel like as its
aging the effects of the love the
lengthening and the volumizing is not as
good and I've only had this open for
about a month three weeks three weeks
probably and I feel like it's already
starting to die a little bit on me which
makes me super sad because this was all
of a sudden holy grail status mascara
out of nowhere and now it's starting to
die on me and I'm just like are you
kidding me I what I would recommend if
you wanted to try this is if you can get
your hands on a deluxe size sample for
cheaper then I would recommend this at
this point I'm not recommending getting
a full-size just because of its it's not
aging well and it just breaks my heart
but it did introduce me to tubing
mascaras so that is bumping it up on my
list for this month and I did love it
for those first three weeks I mean just
I didn't want to use anything else
because of the not needing to rub my
eyes to get my makeup off is just a
whole nother world for me it's a
complete game changer so that's why is
it number three this month add number
two this month is a complete tie I could
not decide because I love them for
different reasons to brow products that
I did a review of that I will link
there's a little I that you'll see up in
the corner go ahead and click that and
that will take you to the video where I
review these now or you can click the
link down below after the video is over
now this is the Maybelline brow drama
crayon pomade and then this is the
loreal brow stylist definer this one
here let's talk about this one this one
is is just as good as my Anastasia brow
Wiz it is very thin it goes on creamy
it's got the spoolie on the back again
full review down below or click the eye
and then this one here is the this one's
a crayon form now this one I got a lot
of comments on that video about using
this and what happens when the point
goes down because this is not one that
you can sharpen it does roll up that
much what you're going to do when this
starts to die is you're going to take a
breath our brush and you're going to rub
it in the product and you're going to
rub it on your eye and it's going to
work just as well and i have used it
that way and it does work just as well
overall i would recommend this one over
this one just because of the value but
if you like that skinniness and you like
this format better i definitely
recommend this they're both 10 bucks
either way
you're going to like it as far as the
formula it's really just how you like it
presented better and whether you like
getting a lot more product for your
money and the number one product this
month is a product i've actually had for
a couple of months but I've never
mentioned it and I think that it
deserves the number one spot this month
and it is the bhcosmetics carli bybel
palette I am not subscribed to carli
bybel I don't think I've ever watched a
single one of her videos i I just I just
haven't jumped on the carli bybel video
training yet but I will tell you that
this palette is phenomenal absolutel and
it's only 12 50 on the bhcosmetics
website right now and this is all this
is not sponsored I was not sent this for
review this is i purchased this with my
own money like all of this there isn't a
single thing here that was sent to me
except for that this came in my x box
e-tron which I do get for review but
other than that I paid for every single
thing here with my own money now this
here the pigmentation on these things is
amazing the lasting power is amazing my
only critique of this is I wish there
were just a few more matte shade like a
matte taupe would make me so happy this
is the closest we have to a matte taupe
and it's just a little bit too dark if
they took this knocked it down a notch
and replace one of these shades with it
we would be in serious business serious
business these highlighters are gorgeous
they're also gorgeous as I shadows this
is an amazing amazingly high quality
palette I would compare this to my high
and eyeshadows I would compare this to
my Urban Decay I would compare it to my
too faced I would compare it to all of
those this is amazing I do recommend
that you check out they do have a brand
new bh cosmetics palette that is
supposed to be just as the same quality
as this my friend michelle from gland
mom's just reviewed it it's pride +
prejudice plush zombies or pride and
prejudice and zombies palette i will
link her video down below if you want to
see swatches of that palette but she
says that it's the same quality as this
so good for you bh cosmetics so that's
it for my January favorites this month I
hope you enjoyed it if you did deadly
don't forget to hit the subscribe button
I'm gonna have it flying in right there
for you so you can click it nice and
easy if you're on a desktop or laptop
computer if you
are on a mobile device you can click the
subscribe button down below this video
when you turn your phone on its side
like this you'll be able to see the
subscribe button definitely subscribe so
you can see my future videos future
reviews future favorites videos and
what's up and make up every sunday
morning at nine-thirty a.m. eastern time
where I tell you all the latest makeup
releases all over the United States
thank you so much for watching this
video I appreciate you so much mad love
and I'll see you soon bye
you